
001
Ventilation Shaft
Of all the items in the game you certainly can't miss this Energy Tank. Early on in the game during the Pirate attack on the Olympus you'll discover this item snugly tucked inside a tunnel in the Ventilation Shaft. Lay a bomb to break through the glass container to access your prize.

002
Substation East
As you enter Substation East from the Cargo Hub you'll spot this Energy Tank sitting just inside the tunnel running along the wall around the exposed floor. Simply activate the Morph Ball and jump inside to retrieve it.

003
Reliquary II
From the giant Gateway chamber, release both locks on either side of the region to unlock the large ornate door on the west side. Travel through and clear the obstruction inside the narrow tunnels lining the walls of the chamber. Roll through and head right to discover a door beyond guarded by a few Hoppers. Enter the chamber to find this Energy Tank waiting inside.

004
Vault
Right after landing at the Thorn Jungle Airdock you'll be greeted by two Armored Pirate Troopers in the Overgrown Ruins area. Deal with them both and look for a section of the wall on the right covered in crystallized Fuel Gel. Send a Missile into the wall to reveal a hidden door beyond, then step through to discover this Energy Tank inside.

005
Ruined Shrine
Travel to the base of the Ruined Shrine beyond the Hidden Court to discover the aging remains of a statue's arm. Scan the arm to learn that age has considerably weakened the structure. Lay a Morph Ball Bomb beside it to reveal this Energy Tank hidden within.

006
Machineworks Bridge
Right after securing Ship Missile BR.03 at the Colossus Vista, head through the now-revealed door to locate the Machineworks Bridge. Use the nearest Spinner device to rotate a bridge over the bottomless pit. Cross the bridge to the center and look up - see the Energy Tank floating above? Wait for a pair of Wall Jump surfaces to move towards you, then quickly scale them with the Screw Attack to reach the Energy Tank before the walls move away.

007
Bryyo Ice - Tower
Once you've found the Spider Ball upgrade, return to Bryyo Ice and the massive Hall of Remembrance where you discovered the Screw Attack. Fly over the region and enter the Tower shaft beyond. Scale up the network of Spider Ball tracks lining the walls to eventually locate this Energy Tank high up at the very top.

008
Steambot Barracks
Defeat the Steamlord and its Steambot cronies at the Steambot Barracks to receive this Energy Tank. Refer to the bosses guide for tips to shut the rampant droids down.

009
Arrival Station
Upon receiving the Boost Ball upgrade, return to the Arrival Station area and leap up to the Grab Ledge above the open balcony. You'll discover a Kinetic Orb Cannon above - use the Boost Ball to restore power, then hop in to launch yourself over to the floating satellite. This Energy Tank awaits aboard the age-old construct.

010
Xenoresearch A Lift
You'll spot this Energy Tank inside a containment pod on your way through the Phazon Metroid-infested Xenoresearch area. The pod's shield will deactivate once you've picked up the Seeker Missile, so as you backtrack through here simply launch a Missile at the pod to gain access to your prize.

011
Zipline Station Charlie
Soon after locating the Spider Ball upgrade you'll find yourself crossing back over Zipline Station Charlie via a network of Spider Ball tracks thanks to the inoperable Zipline Cable. Keep your eyes open for this Energy Tank around halfway along the network, concealed within a circular track.

012
Pirate Research - Scrapworks
As you travel through the Scrapworks area, keep an eye out for this Energy Tank resting at the very top of the region. Use a double bomb-jump to reach it easily.

013
Pirate Research - Metroid Creche
Defeat the Metroid Hatcher located here (refer to the bosses guide if you need help), and launch Samus up to the network of tunnels in the ceiling by way of the Spinner where the Metroid Hatcher emerged. As you enter the first tunnel, roll along and look for a Spider Ball track up in the ceiling. Follow it along and hop down into another short tunnel where this Energy Tank awaits.

014
Munitions Locker
Ride up the Auxiliary Lift and move onward to the Port Observation Deck. Just inside on the right you'll find a sealed door; restore power by inserting an Energy Cell into the adjacent terminal. With the door accessible, enter the Junction A area beyond and head through the eastern door to locate this Energy Tank waiting in a small chamber.