
001
Bryyo (Hangar Bay)
Upon securing the Ice Missile upgrade, head to the downed GF frigate and make your way through the Falls of Fire by freezing the Fuel Gel spouts along the chasm. Explore the regions beyond, move through the Hidden Court area and up the Ruined Shrine to ultimately find yourself at the Hangar Bay. At first glance the area seems completely deserted, but step towards the lift in the corner of the chamber or the Missile upgrade terminal to see otherwise. Repel the Reptilicus Hunter invasion to secure the area and bring the systems back online. First things first, you'll need to open up the hangar bay door to allow your ship to enter. Even though your ship isn't present, raise the upgrade station by way of the terminal beside the landing pad. Ride up the lift in the corner to the top of the damaged platform, then leap across atop the raised upgrade station. Make your way over to the command station by way of the Grab Ledge (and extend a platform with the Grapple Lasso). Once inside, activate the terminal to open up the hangar doors. Then simply scale back down to ground level, lower the upgrade station, summon your ship then hit the switch again to receive the Ship Missile upgrade.

002
Auxiliary Dynamo
On your way through the Auxiliary Dynamo (during your attack on the second Leviathan shield generator) you'll spot a narrow tunnel network wrapping around the bend. Travel around the corner to discover a tall piston stuck in place, blocking the tunnel. Use the Grapple Lasso to pull it down, then backtrack and enter the tunnel using the Morph Ball. Follow the tunnel along, zip up the piston and roll onward to discover this Ship Missile waiting ahead.

003
Bryyo Ice - Hall of Remembrance
Right after claiming the Screw Attack at the Hall of Remembrance, use it to leap across to the far side of the canyon. Enter the Tower shaft and scale up the Wall Jump surfaces. Back outside in the Hall of Remembrance, send a Missile into the open palm of the gigantic Chozo statue to rotate it flat. Use the Screw Attack and cross the chasm to land on the hand before it rotates back. Look over at the giant Golem statue - you'll spot this Ship Missile sitting atop the head in clear view.

004
Colossus Vista
This Ship Missile will have you journeying across Bryyo to access. Firstly, you'll need the Ship Grapple to start the sequence. Head to the Hidden Court region and climb up to the orange door on the north side (you may need the Screw Attack to help). Go inside and cross through the following area to discover the Fuel Gel Pool. See the giant Golem head resting idly in the oil? Summon your ship to lift it out of the pool. Leave this area and head back towards the Hangar Bay. Once there, exit via the orange door and move through to the Hall of the Golems chamber. Use the Plasma Beam to reveal the Bomb Slot on the left-most Golem and power it up. The Golem will promptly spew flames and burn away a sealed door nearby, head through when it powers down. Inside you'll discover a grand sight: the colossal body of a Golem overlooking a cage where your prize awaits. Notice the Golem's body is headless? Simply command your ship to set the Golem head down on the body and watch as it pulverises the cage with one of its arms, leaving you clear to pick up this Ship Missile Expansion.

005
Security Station
The Plasma Beam will grant you access to this Ship Missile. Travel to the Security Station and look up above the orange door - see the item waiting at the mouth of a narrow tunnel? Move around to the other side of the area to find a group of damaged metal debris blocking an open tunnel near the massive gears. Use the Plasma Beam to melt them, then simply enter the tunnel with the Morph Ball and roll on through to eventually reach the Ship Missile.

006
Hoverplat Docking Site
The Spider Ball is needed to reach this Ship Missile. Travel to the Hoverplat Docking Site and use the Screw Attack to reach the central cluster of floating pods. See the winding Spider Ball tracks in the air? Make your way up there to find this Ship Missile hidden down one end of the network.

007
Pirate Research - Scrapworks
On your first trip through the Scrapworks you may spot this Ship Missile near a lone Spider Ball track. You can't reach it without the Spider Ball, so return here once you've picked it up at SkyTown. With the Spider Ball in hand, use the half-pipe below to boost yourself up to the Spider Ball track and carefully use the small blocks below the Ship Missile to leap up to your prize.

008
Pirate Research - Processing Access
You'll need the Screw Attack, X-Ray Visor and Nova Beam to locate this item. Head to the Processing Access beyond the Scrapvault and travel halfway down the corridor. See the two small Phazite panels on either side of the hallway? Use the Nova Beam and X-Ray Visor to activate the switches hidden behind each. Watch as a series of Wall Jump surfaces emerge above, use them to reach this Ship Missile Expansion's alcove higher up. Once there, use a few Missiles to penetrate the energy field surrounding this item.

009
MedLab Alpha
You'll need the Seeker Missile and two spare Energy Cells to locate this item. Head to the Auxiliary Lift and ride it topside. Move through to the Port Observation Deck and travel down to the to the far end (watch out for hostiles). Dismantle the blast shield you find with the Seeker Missile and proceed through to discover the Xenoresearch Lab. Make your way down to the main chamber below to discover this Ship Missile hidden under the floor in a narrow tunnel. Slot two Energy Cells into the disabled power station to open up access to the Ship Missile... except watch as it's sneakily whisked away through an open hatch. Quickly follow it through a network of tunnels to finally catch up to it down in MedLab Alpha.