001
Dark Agon Key 1
Trial Tunnel
When you first visit the Dark Agon Temple, take the left path from the entrance to find a door at a dead-end. Inside a tiny chamber beyond you'll find this key.
002
Dark Agon Key 2
Doomed Entry
You'll discover this key up high in the Doomed Entry room after accessing Dark Aether via the Command Center. Climb up around the room and Space Jump across to the rock ledge where it rests to retrieve it easily.
003
Dark Agon Key 3
Battleground
Once you've obtained the Light Beam, head through the western exit of the Doomed Entry and follow the corridor beyond to locate the Battleground area where this key awaits. Defeat the pack of Warrior Ing awaiting inside to secure your prize.
004
Dark Torvus Key 1
Dark Torvus Arena
You'll need to destroy the Boost Guardian (also in this room) and reclaim the Boost Ball before reaching this key. Once you have the Boost Ball, boost yourself up the half-pipe this key resides atop, you should then easily be able to pop into the small alcove containing the key.
005
Dark Torvus Key 2
Undertemple Access
Once you've secured the Gravity Boost and defeated the Alpha Blogg, travel back up to the Hydrodynamo Shaft and power up the Dark Portal there. This key will be waiting directly in front of you in Dark Aether.
006
Dark Torvus Key 3
Venomous Pond
With the Grapple Beam recovered, head to the Venomous Pond to see this Dark Temple Key lying atop a ledge only accessible via a Grapple Point suspended nearby. Work your way up to the ledge across from the key, then use the Grapple Beam to reach it easily.
007
Ing Hive Key 1
Culling Chamber
You'll need the Spider Ball to reach this. Just inside the main corridor from the portal terminal you'll see this Dark Temple Key resting inside a wall section surrounded by a strain of Phazon and a number of Spider Ball tracks. Head further down the corridor to find an accessible Spider Ball track. Climb up around the tracks to reach the tunnel within the wall where the key resides, and lay a bomb to break through the crates keeping it sealed in.
008
Ing Hive Key 2
Hive Gyro Chamber
The Echo Visor and Spider Ball will enable you to reach this. Transit to Dark Aether at the Dynamo Works and proceed through the white door near the portal. Open up the sealed door in the following chamber by using the Echo Visor to see the sonic emitters locking it down, then move onwards to the Hive Gyro Chamber. Inside the gyro chamber itself you'll discover this Dark Temple Key resting atop a huge sphere covered in Spider Ball tracks. Climb aboard and look for a small vertical track, from there boost yourself up to the horizontal circular track surrounding the key. Simply line yourself up with the key and boost off the track to slam right into it.
009
Ing Hive Key 3
Aerial Training Site
Once you've secured the Screw Attack ability, travel to the Main Research room on Aether. Use the portal there to travel to Dark Aether, then exit the Staging Area by way of the only exit up on the western wall. Use the Screw Attack in the following shaft to jump up the Wall Jump Surfaces, then exit the shaft at the apex to find this Dark Temple Key waiting directly in front of you beyond the door.