
001
Storage Cavern B
Within the Temple Assembly Site area you'll find a red blast shield sealing a door. Once you've recovered the Missile Launcher blow open the door with a single shot to reveal this Energy Tank hiding in the room beyond.

002
Windchamber Gateway
You'll need the Light Beam, Super Missile and the Grapple Beam to reach this one. From the Path of Eyes area, use the Light Beam to move the pillar covering the green blast shielded-door at the northern side of this area before opening the door with a Super Missile. Go inside to find a huge cliff and a massive chasm before you. Use the nearby Kinetic Orb Cannon to fly to the other side, then turn left and use the Grapple Beam to reach this item waiting on a platform overlooking the cliff side.

003
Fortress Transport Access
The Light Suit will grant you access to this item. Look for a giant yellow light beam spanning the floor and ceiling of a chamber within the Fortress Transport Access corridor. Step into the beam to be teleported above to a smaller hidden chamber where this Energy Tank awaits.

004
Mining Station Access
Upon recovering your Morph Ball bomb ability, destroy the block covering a Kinetic Orb Cannon in this room and use it to reach this Energy Tank hidden above.

005
Bioenergy Production
The Energy Tank within this large chamber lies atop a ledge on the southern side. You'll need to rearrange the three large storage racks to create a working staircase to reach the ledge. Energize the storage racks via the console on the eastern side of the room, then use the terminals on the western side to tweak each storage rack's configuration. Climb up to claim your prize.

006
Mine Shaft
With the Dark Beam in your arsenal, head to the Agon Temple. On the western side of the temple lies a black door, enter to find the Mine Shaft. At the top of this twisting network of tunnels you'll find the Energy Tank (you'll in fact see it as you enter the main network). You'll need to work your way through the uppermost tunnels to eventually wind around the shaft and reach this item, just watch out for Pillbugs and use the double bomb-jump to reach heights you normally can't with a single bomb.

007
Mining Plaza
You'll need the Echo Visor and Screw Attack to recover this. See the large triple-lens structure beside the statue of Amorbis in the Mining Plaza? Switch on the Echo Visor to see three separate sonic emitters sending signals into each lens. Shoot each emitter to line up all three lens pieces. Doing so will open the wall panel above the western door of the region, revealing this item inside an alcove there. Screw Attack from atop the bluff to reach it (might take a few tries).

008
Temple Access
Enter the Temple Access room via the upper door (outside in the Great Bridge area), then look for a damaged cover plate along the tight corridor. Blow it open with a bomb and fall through below to grab this Energy Tank.

009
Cache B
When you visit the Dark Torvus Temple, roll through the narrow red tunnel on the western end of the room (behind the elevator). Blow the green blast shield off the door beyond with a Super Missile and enter the next chamber to locate this Energy Tank waiting patiently inside.

010
Torvus Plaza
With both the Boost Ball and Spider Ball in hand, head to this room where a huge half-pipe resides. Boost yourself up the pipe and latch onto the Spider Ball track high above. Work your way along the network of tracks (watch out for a rogue Sporb) until you reach a Kinetic Orb Cannon. Let it throw you across the room, right onto a ledge where this Energy Tank awaits.

011
Meditation Vista
The Screw Attack will enable you to find this one. Travel to the Meditation Vista beside the Torvus Grove and look out across the cliff edge where the portal terminal lies. See that platform hovering about in the air? Aim at it, wait for it to begin travelling left then Screw Attack across to land squarely on top. Stay on the platform and allow it to take you over to the now-visible Energy Tank.

012
Transit Tunnel East
You'll need the Gravity Boost to reach this one (special thanks to Joe for clarifying this!). Visit Transit Tunnel East in the bowels of Dark Torvus to find it filled with transparent tubes. On the far left side you'll discover a Bomb Slot - energize it to see a number of jet streams appear in the vertical tubes on the right. Travel over to the second tube with a vertical current, then bomb-jump yourself up the stream. The current will carry you higher than normal, lay a second bomb near the apex of your ascent to propel yourself higher as you fall back towards the bomb. Reach the Bomb Slot at the top of this tube and energize it to temporarily send the water stream upwards over in the vertical tube on the left. Quickly travel over to it and bomb-jump yourself to the top where this Energy Tank lies in wait.

013
Reactor Core
This Energy Tank resides above the western door at the top of the reactor shaft, but you'll need the Spider Ball to reach it. Clear the area of Rezbit and look for a Kinetic Orb Cannon at the base of the shaft near the reactor. Jump in and hold R (or Z in the Metroid Prime Trilogy version), watch as the cannon launches you up onto a large sphere covered in Spider Ball tracks. Climb to the top of the shaft, watching out for arcing electricity. Once at the top, look for a red node attached to a smaller sphere. Position Samus over it and boost away from it, in the correct position you'll land directly onto another suspended sphere. Look for another red node attached to this one and boost away from it - keep this up to eventually reach a Spider Ball track on the wall. Do it quickly as electricity tends to arc across the spheres. Follow the network of Spider Ball tracks to ultimately reach this item.

014
Watch Station Access
Enter this room via the Watch Station end to find this Energy Tank waiting patiently inside an alcove.