
001
Dark Torvus Bog (Undertemple)
Once you've recovered the Spider Ball, you'll be able to locate this power-up. Dive to the very depths of the Torvus Bog, way down to the Main Hydrochamber where you faced the Alpha Blogg. Reach the Dark Portal on the northern side of the chamber via the Spider Ball track, then transit to Dark Aether. Drop off the ledge you appear on and enter the main chamber to confront the Power Bomb Guardian. Defeating this monster rewards you with your first Power Bomb, check the bosses guide for tips to send it away.

002
Dynamo Chamber
You'll need two Power Bombs to recover this one. Inside the Dynamo Chamber lies two main tunnels running through the area, with one above the other. The lower tunnel is blocked by two Mk VII security gates, destroy one with a Power Bomb to access the lower tunnel, then look for a weakened wall section inside and destroy it with another Power Bomb, revealing this item inside.

003
Sandcanyon
You'll need a Power Bomb and the Screw Attack to reach this. Out in the center of the massive Sandcanyon lies a tall statue. Screw Attack over to the platform below the statue, then lay a Power Bomb to dislodge the statue into the abyss, revealing this Power Bomb where it once stood.

004
Feeding Pit
The Light Suit will allow you to reach this item without incurring serious health loss. Travel to the Feeding Pit area and dive into the murky lake inhabited by the two tall pillars. Search around for a hidden underwater alcove, this item is sitting neatly inside.

005
Putrid Alcove
Two Power Bombs will score you this item. See a yellow door in the Dark Forgotten Bridge and Poisoned Bog areas? Blow through one with a Power Bomb to locate a small pond connecting the two regions. Dwelling in the putrid pond is a Phlogus, shoot it when its maw opens to flip it around and step aboard. Switch on the Scan Visor and sweep around, looking for a scannable section in the surrounding rock walls. The cracked wall is composed of Denzium, so light up another Power Bomb beside it to reveal this item inside a tiny alcove.

006
Great Bridge
Another Power Bomb will enable you to secure this one. Running behind the upper northern and eastern walls of this area lies a narrow hidden tunnel where this Power Bomb awaits. Blow open one of the Denzium blocks covering either end of the tunnel and roll through to snag it.

007
Transit Station
Look for a weakened glass shield protecting an inactive Dark Portal in this chamber. Use a Power Bomb to breach the shield and gain access to the portal. Travel to Dark Aether, defeat the Dark Ingsmasher there, then follow a sequence of portals jumping back and forth between dimensions until you reach a hidden alcove where this item awaits.

008
Sanctuary Entrance
The Spider Ball and a Power Bomb are required for this item. At the Sanctuary Entrance, there's an elevator to the left of the main entrance leading inside the fortress. But it's blocked by a cracked window, and only a Power Bomb can break through. Take out the window and ride the lift up. Scan the control terminal to activate a nearby Kinetic Orb Cannon. Use it to reach an overlooking platform and climb up to the Vigilance Class Turret atop it. Jump in and aim at the top of the southern cliff wall. Send a few shots into it to uncover the Power Bomb. Spin around to face the fortress entrance, then send a few shots into the cracked section of the wall to uncover a ledge. Finally, aim down at the right-hand corner of the fortress and send a shot or two into the jagged formation of rocks there. With all three obstacles clear, return to the ground and head over to where the jagged rock formation once stood. Look for a small alcove where a number of Spider Ball tracks line the walls, use them and follow the tracks to reach the ledge above which you uncovered. Finally, jump in the Kinetic Orb Cannon up there to launch yourself over to the alcove in the cliff opposite where this item awaits.

009
Main Gyro Chamber
With the Echo Visor and Annihilator Beam in hand, travel to the very bottom of this chamber to locate a sealed door at the rear of the gyro chamber. Switch on the Echo Visor and take out the Annihilator Beam. Shoot the door to hear the required sequence of tones needed to unlock it. Memorise the sequence then reproduce it via the three tone emitters nearby. Unlocking the door will reveal a Kinetic Orb Cannon beyond, jump in to be launched up into the giant purple sphere above, destroying it and revealing this Power Bomb inside.