001
Sky Temple Key 1
Battleground
Travel to the Battleground, entering the room via the upper eastern corridor from the Doomed Entry room. From the ledge overlooking the sand pit below, deal with the two Warrior Ing below and look across to the opposite side of the room. Switch on the Dark Visor to spot the Flying Ing Cache way over on a ledge opposite. You'll also spy four now-visible floating platforms. Traverse across the platforms carefully to reach the ledge where the Flying Ing Cache hides, then blow it open to retrieve this key.
002
Sky Temple Key 2
Dark Oasis
You'll need a Power Bomb and the Light Suit to safely retrieve this key. Inside the Dark Oasis you'll discover a large section of the cave is blocked by a large cracked rock wall. Dismantle the rock wall with a Power Bomb to discover a large underground murky lake beyond. The air above the lake is rife with Ingstorm particles but with the Light Suit on they can't do squat to you. Wipe out the Inglets covering the walls then dive into the murky water. Switch on the Dark Visor and search for the Flying Ing Cache (underwater) hiding in a corner. Take it out to retrieve this key.
003
Sky Temple Key 3
Poisoned Bog
Travel to the Poisoned Bog and deal with the lone Hunter Ing standing guard. Take a dip in the murky lake and switch on the Dark Visor (just make certain you've got the Light Suit). Search for the Flying Ing Cache hidden down a dead-end and take it apart to score this key.
004
Sky Temple Key 4
Dungeon
Travel to the Catacombs in Torvus and transit to Dark Aether via the Dark Portal there. Once in the Dungeon, play with the two Dark Grenchler and take a dip in the murky water below the inactive Light Portal. Step forward and turn right in this small underwater maze to spot a Light Beacon within a wall ahead above a small round object. Scan the object for your Logbook, this Watchdrone will only move when exposed to bright light. So go ahead and shoot at the Light Beacon to cause the little fella to hobble out of the reach of the safe zone. Roll through the opening and look for another Watchdrone around the corner. Pass this one to locate a dead-end, switch on the Dark Visor to locate the Flying Ing Cache easily.
005
Sky Temple Key 5
Hive Entrance
Travel to Dark Aether via the portal terminal at the Hall of Combat Mastery, then make your way across to the Hive Reactor (the Dark Aether version of the Reactor Core room). From there, blow open the yellow door on the south wall and follow the path through to the Hive Entrance. Wipe out the Dark Preed floating above the massive chasm ahead of you, then Screw Attack across the gap to the giant yellow light beam on the far side. Step in to teleport up to a higher ledge, then face the fortress entrance and Screw Attack back there. Switch on the Dark Visor to spot the Flying Ing Cache hiding up on this alcove, blow it open to recover this key.
006
Sky Temple Key 6
Hive Dynamo Works
Head back to the section of the Dynamo Works where you faced the Spider Guardian (by way of the Sanctuary Temple). Once there, follow the network of tunnels right through to the end. In the small chamber where you claimed the Spider Ball a yellow blast shielded-door exists. Blow the shield off with a Power Bomb and step inside the next chamber to locate an inactive Dark Portal. Energize it and step inside. Once in Dark Aether, go outside to the Hive Dynamo Works to find yourself looking across a chasm to a platform across the room. Climb up the Spider Ball track nearby and boost yourself across the two floating sentry pods to clear the gap. Boost to the second Spider Ball track running along the northern wall to reach the platform, then search for the Flying Ing Cache there to retrieve this key.
007
Sky Temple Key 7
Ing Reliquary
You'll need the Light Suit to locate this one. Travel to Dark Aether via the portal at the Sacred Path area. Follow the path along past the Phazon Grounds to locate the Reliquary Grounds - inside the lone door up on the cliff here is the Ing Reliquary. Go inside, search for the Flying Ing Cache with the Dark Visor on and bust it open to claim this key.
008
Sky Temple Key 8
Defiled Shrine
Use the portal at the Hall of Eyes in the Temple Grounds, then make your way across to the Defiled Shrine (the Dark Aether version of the Landing Site). Defeat the four Warrior Ing greeting you there and switch on the Dark Visor. Look for the Flying Ing Cache hiding up in the south-western corner of the room. Blow it open to reveal this key.
009
Sky Temple Key 9
Accursed Lake
Use the portal at the Temple Assembly Site to travel to Dark Aether. Once there, exit the room via the door blocked with a purple blast shield (blow it off first) then proceed through the tunnel beyond to locate the Accursed Lake. Deal with the two Hunter Ing emerging from the poisoned waters, then switch on the Dark Visor and look for the Flying Ing Cache hiding on the far side of the lake. Blow it open to claim this key.