001
Missile Launcher
Temple Grounds (GFMC Compound)
You'll find the Missile Launcher packed inside the oversized yellow-marked ordinance crate on the port side of the GF trooper's ship. Blow it open with a blast from the Charge Beam to reveal your prize.
002
Morph Ball Bomb
Agon Wastes (Agon Temple)
The Bomb Guardian possesses your Morph Ball Bomb. Destroy its oily hide to recover this trusty ability. Refer back to the bosses guide for tips to beat this guardian easily.
003
Space Jump Boots
Dark Agon Wastes (Judgement Pit)
The vile Jump Guardian inhabiting the Dark Agon Wastes has stolen your Space Jump Boots ability. You'll need to crush this monster in its homeland to recover it. Refer to the bosses guide for tips to survive this heated battle.
004
Dark Beam
Agon Wastes (Storage D)
You'll be clear to find the Dark Beam once you've claimed the first Dark Temple Key in Dark Agon. Right before finding it you'll have your first confrontation with Dark Samus, for precise directions refer back to the walkthrough as you'll be exploring a fair deal of the Space Pirate's facility in Agon before finding this weapon.
005
Light Beam
Dark Agon Wastes (Ing Cache 1)
With the Dark Beam in your possession you'll be able to enter the Dark Agon Wastes via the portal in the Command Center. Once inside, follow the rooms from there until you reach the Feeding Pit. Raise the two columns inside by firing Dark Beam shots at the Light Crystals attached to each, then climb up to the black door above. Inside you'll find the Light Beam waiting patiently.
006
Dark Suit
Dark Agon Wastes (Dark Agon Temple)
You'll need to conquer the enormous Amorbis in the Dark Agon Temple before claiming this prize. Refer back to the walkthrough for directions on where to find all three Dark Temple Keys and the bosses guide for tips to cook Amorbis' hide.
007
Super Missile
Torvus Bog (Torvus Temple)
The Super Missile is locked away in the Torvus Temple. Upon reaching the temple, deal with the numerous Space Pirate foes you encounter, upon which the force field covering this item will disappear, granting you access to your prize.
008
Boost Ball
Dark Torvus Bog (Dark Torvus Arena)
Take the northern exit from the Torvus Temple and follow the path to the Torvus Grove. Beyond here lies the Meditation Vista and an inactive portal. Scan the terminal to charge up the portal and step inside. Once in Dark Aether, follow the path till you reach the Dark Torvus Arena (make certain to save your game along the way). Defeat the Boost Guardian you discover there to reclaim this ability.
009
Seeker Launcher
Temple Grounds (Hall of Honored Dead)
Once you've recovered the Boost Ball from Dark Torvus and have the Super Missile Charge Combo in your arsenal, return to the Temple Grounds. At the Meeting Grounds area, boost yourself up the half-pipe there and roll through the small opening in a nearby cave atop the half-pipe. Boost across the breakable floor sections in the Service Access room and follow the tunnels till you bypass a purple door and enter the Hall of Honored Dead chamber. The Seeker Launcher resides inside a containment unit at the center of this massive chamber. You'll need to use the four Spinners placed at the foot of each giant Luminoth statue. Each Spinner controls one or two rotating locks in the floor around the unit, you'll need to get them all glowing to unlock the unit. Experiment with the locks until you align them all, once you do a large lens assembly will rise from the floor and focus light rays onto the containment unit, shattering it. Now you can claim your prize.
010
Gravity Boost
Torvus Bog (Hydrochamber Storage)
Once you've secured the Seeker Launcher, head down to the depths of the Torvus Bog. In the Hydrodynamo Station you'll need to scan three terminals to unlock a door at the very base of the shaft. Unlock the first terminal near the bottom of the shaft, then blow off the purple blast shield on a door you can now access. Travel to the Training Chamber beyond and take both paths leading out of this room individually to reach rooms that will ultimately lead back to the Hydrodynamo Station, granting you access to the other two terminals. With all three locks disengaged, travel through the door at the base of the shaft. Keep descending beyond till you reach the Main Hydrochamber. Search for a door on its southern side, then head inside to find this item waiting for you in the deepest region of the planet.
011
Grapple Beam
Dark Torvus Bog (Sacrificial Chamber)
You'll need to conquer the nasty Grapple Guardian to recover this. Once you've picked up the Gravity Boost, head to the Catacombs chamber in the Torvus Bog and open up access to the inactive Dark Portal there by way of an underwater Bomb Slot. Once in Dark Aether, make your way around to the Undertemple Shaft (you'll pass through the lower section of the Sacrificial Chamber along the way), then from there you can access the main upper section of the Sacrificial Chamber where the Grapple Guardian awaits. Refer to the bosses guide for tips to finish the beast off.
012
Dark Visor
Dark Torvus Bog (Dark Torvus Temple)
To secure this new visor you'll need to conquer the Chykka Guardian in the Dark Torvus Temple. Refer to the walkthrough and bosses guide for tips to locate the three Dark Torvus Temple Keys and hints to send the massive dragonfly on its way.
013
Spider Ball
Sanctuary Fortress (Dynamo Works)
Recovering the Spider Ball requires you to locate and defeat the immensely annoying Spider Guardian in the Sanctuary Fortress. Refer to the walkthrough for precise directions, and check out the bosses guide for tips to eliminate this creature with hopefully a less-than painful experience.
014
Power Bomb
Dark Torvus Bog (Undertemple)
Once you've recovered the Spider Ball, you'll be able to locate this power-up. Dive to the very depths of the Torvus Bog, way down to the Main Hydrochamber where you faced the Alpha Blogg. Reach the Dark Portal on the northern side of the chamber via the Spider Ball track, then transit to Dark Aether. Drop off the ledge you appear on and enter the main chamber to confront the Power Bomb Guardian. Defeating this monster rewards you with your first Power Bomb, check the bosses guide for tips to send it away.
015
Darkburst
Agon Wastes (Mining Station B)
To recover this item you'll need the Boost Ball and Seeker Launcher. Mining Station B lies beyond the Mine Shaft (beside the Agon Temple). Use the Seeker Launcher to breach the purple blast shielded-door in the Mine Shaft and move through to locate the Darkburst's home. You'll need to play with the mining drill, transit to Dark Aether, then find your way back here to reach the Darkbusrt, refer to the walkthrough for precise directions.
016
Sunburst
Temple Grounds (Grand Windchamber)
You'll need the Boost Ball, Power Bombs, Seeker Launcher and Grapple Beam to secure this item. Head to the Path of Eyes region in the Temple Grounds and proceed through the green blast shielded-door on the northern side of the area. Proceed through the Windchamber Gateway and blow off the yellow blast shield covering the next door with a Power Bomb. Inside is the huge Grand Windchamber - the Sunburst is waiting atop the large structure in the center of the area. But to reach it, you'll need to first travel to Dark Aether via the nearby portal. Once there, see the Spinners positioned around the central structure? Use each one to rotate one of the half-circle rings attached to the central structure. Firstly, rotate all the rings and line them up so they all glow yellow. Travel around to the front of them, lock onto all four pods attached to each ring with the Seeker Launcher and open up to activate the system. Doing so will raise two metal arms outward from the structure. Rotate all the rings again to the opposite side so they all glow blue. Travel around to the front of them again and use the Seeker Launcher to activate the system. Two more arms will raise out around the structure before all the control rings promptly fall off into the chasm below. Return to Aether and use the Grapple Points on the extended arms to reach the lone platform where a Kinetic Orb Cannon resides, then simply jump in the cannon to be launched atop the structure where the Sunburst awaits.
017
Echo Visor
Sanctuary Fortress (Aerie)
You'll need the Spider Ball and Power Bombs to reach this. Return to the Main Gyro Chamber and travel up to the door leading to the Sanctuary Temple. Destroy the fallen canisters above the Bomb Slot at the observation window, then energize it to bring up three coloured power conduits on the window. Rotate the corresponding nodes to line up with the correct conduits to cause a second Bomb Slot to rise from the floor. Energize this one to shut down the rotating inner gyro wheel, revealing a Spider Ball track running along it. Go down inside the gyro chamber and climb up along the inner gyro ring. Boost yourself into the cracked glass window to gain access to the yellow door on the northern side of the room. Blow the blast shield off the door with a Power Bomb and enter the room beyond to witness Dark Samus take out three Dark Pirate Troopers. Follow the beast around and exit the room via the next door to reach the base of a huge elevator shaft. You'll now need to take down Dark Samus before recovering this - refer back to the bosses guide for tips. With the area clear, step out through the wall section Dark Samus destroyed and walk along the balcony you find to locate an inactive Dark Portal. Power it up and transit to Dark Aether. Once there, walk around the balcony and climb up the Spider Ball track at the end to access the main chamber. See the Spinner across the other side of the room? Use it to rotate the Spider Ball track assembly in the center of the chamber. Then, climb up the tracks and boost yourself up to a ledge above. Jump across to the inactive Light Portal and travel back to Aether. Finally, jump across to the ledge ahead where your prize awaits.
018
Screw Attack
Sanctuary Fortress (Vault)
You'll pick up the Screw Attack after securing the Echo Visor. It's a fairly long trip to the Vault for this item, so refer to the walkthrough for complete directions and details on what to do once you're there to secure this lovely new toy.
019
Annihilator Beam
Ing Hive (Hive Temple)
You'll need to locate all three Hive Temple Keys (and a number of items) before unlocking the Hive Temple. Refer to the walkthrough for details and directions, then refer to the bosses guide for tips to defeat the guardian of the temple, Quadraxis, to claim this deadly beam weapon.
020
Light Suit
Great Temple (Main Energy Controller)
Simply restore the planetary energy to all three temples of Aether and visit U-Mos to be granted the ultimate protection available to Samus. Easy.
021
Sonic Boom
Dark Agon Wastes (Ing Cache 2)
The Annihilator Beam and Screw Attack will allow you to track this final item down. Head to the Phazon Site at the Dark Agon Wastes to find the area inhabited by three Dark Tallon Metroids. Deal with all three customers and look up to see a gray door way up on an out-of-reach ledge. Climb atop the middle of the three floating platforms, then simply Screw Attack across to the ledge to reach it neatly. Open the door with the Annihilator to find the Sonic Boom awaiting you in the following chamber.