
001
Cargo Freight Lift To Deck Gamma
Within the ruins of the Space Pirate Frigate, once you reach this now-underwater elevator shaft you'll spot this Energy Tank concealed within the wrecked elevator. Blast open the metal door with a missile to reach the Energy Tank.

002
Hydro Access Tunnel
Again within the ruined frigate, in this room you'll need to time your bombs so that each blast will propel Samus further up in the underwater environment. Practice the technique a few times, then use bombs to reach the Energy Tank hidden way up the shaft halfway through the region.

003
Main Plaza
You'll be able to reach this Energy Tank when accessing this area via the Vault.

004
Transport Access North
You'll get this straight after finding your first missile. Head through the door behind the remains of the Hive Mecha to find this Energy Tank waiting there.

005
Furnace
Go through the small opening next to the Spider Ball track to eventually reach a large enclosed canister in the Furnace. The Energy Tank's waiting inside in clear view.

006
Hall of the Elders
You'll need the Ice Beam to activate the second of the three locks in this room. With the second lock active, the Chozo Statue will send you down to a small room containing the Energy Tank.

007
Training Chamber
Once you've dealt with the Chozo Ghosts in this room, use the Boost Ball to boost up to the Morph Ball Slot high up on the wall (the other slot opens up an entrance leading out of this room). Once active the slot will call down an elevator near the exit of the room, quickly head over to it then follow the Spider Ball track above to find the Energy Tank concealed within in a small room.

008
Transport Tunnel A
In this narrow tunnel-filled room leading to a Phendrana elevator, from the entrance you'll need to successfully perform three double-bomb jumps to reach the Energy Tank high up in the tunnel network. It'll take some practice, refer to the hints section for more info on double-bomb jumping.

009
Magmoor Workstation
In this room you'll need to charge three electrical conduits to power up the large lava pump (use the Thermal Visor to see them - one's alongside each of the three sealed doors). Once active, go down below the grate to reach the lava-cooled rooms to activate further consoles. Once you reach the third room you'll find this Energy Tank there.

010
Ruined Courtyard
Activate two Morph Ball Slots and a Spinner device to raise the water level in this area, then head over to the small opening in the far wall not normally reachable when the water's at its lowest level. Use the Morph Ball to reach a hidden room below containing this Energy Tank.

011
Research Lab Aether
This Energy Tank's hidden within a glass container on the ground floor. Break the container open with a single missile to reach it.

012
Transport Access
You'll easily spot this Energy Tank concealed within a tunnel blocked with ice. Use the Plasma Beam to break through the ice to reach it.

013
Ventilation Shaft
Use a Power Bomb to break through a grate near one of the large fans (you'll have to be quick to avoid the poison gas) then activate the console behind the fan to turn it on. The Puffers and gas will be blown into the opposite fan, destroying it and revealing this Energy Tank hiding beyond.

014
Processing Center Access
Once you've conquered the Omega Pirate, head through the red door above on the platforms to find this Energy Tank waiting in the next chamber.