001
Missile Launcher
Chozo Ruins (Hive Totem)
You'll need to conquer the Hive Mecha in the ruins before winning this prize. Take a look at the bosses guide for tips on defeating this bug-summoning boss. Walk on forward once it shuts down to secure your first missile.
002
Morph Ball
Chozo Ruins (Ruined Shrine)
In the Ruined Shrine, you'll spot the Morph Ball waiting in a small alcove on the far side, but once in close proximity a barrier rises up to bar your path. You'll then have to fight off a multitude of Beetles lunging up out of the ground everywhere. Don't relax once they're all fried as another surprise awaits. A Plated Beetle promptly jumps out of the ground to challenge Samus to a good old fashioned duel. Show the bug who's boss by firing away at its red tail, once it's finished you'll have clear access to the Morph Ball.
003
Charge Beam
Chozo Ruins (Watery Hall)
In the Watery Hall, you'll need to scan four symbols on the walls of the region to open up a gate concealing the Charge Beam's alcove. Look for one just to the left of the door as you enter the area, another hidden under a group of Blastcaps around the corner, and the remaining two near the gate itself. Once you've scanned all four scan the symbol on the gate to open it, then simply jump through and head on forward to receive your prize.
004
Morph Ball Bomb
Chozo Ruins (Burn Dome)
You'll need to beat the Incinerator Drone and its Ram War Wasp cronies before receiving the Morph Ball Bomb. Refer to the bosses guide for tips on defeating this scorching drone.
005
Varia Suit
Chozo Ruins (Sunchamber)
Before claiming the awesome Varia Suit, you'll need to defeat the huge insect-plant Flaahgra. Refer to the bosses guide to learn all about its weaknesses. Once the bug's cooked you'll spot the rotating Samus logo straight ahead.
006
Boost Ball
Phendrana Drifts (Phendrana Canyon)
In the Phendrana Canyon region you'll find a long frozen curving canyon with floating platforms leading up to the entrance of a tall tower on the far side. Make your way up to the control panel at the head of the canyon and scan it to align all the platforms. Jump across them up to the tower to find the Boost Ball waiting snugly inside.
007
Space Jump Boots
Tallon Overworld (Alcove)
You'll need the Boost Ball before finding this upgrade. In the Tallon Canyon region, you'll find a half-pipe area where two Beetles launch out of the ground. Use the Boost Ball to reach the platform high up above. Go around to find a pathway eventually leading back to the Landing Site. Go straight ahead and over the gap in the ledge (don't fall down) to find a door. Head through to find the boots.
008
Wave Beam
Phendrana Drifts (Chapel of the Elders)
You'll need the Space Jump Boots to reach this area. Check the walkthrough if you have any trouble making your way through the rooms leading here. Once in the large chapel you'll have to fight four Baby Sheegoths and then a fully-grown Sheegoth before claiming the Wave Beam. The juniors are pretty easy, but you might want to check the bosses guide for tips on defeating the adult Sheegoth.
009
Super Missile
Phendrana Drifts (Observatory)
You'll find the Super Missile atop the upper holographic projector node in the Observatory. First you'll need to activate the hologram by scanning a few control panels and using the four Spinners, once the holographic star map appears jump up the platforms around the room to reach the missile combo upgrade.
010
Thermal Visor
Phendrana Drifts (Research Core)
You'll find the first visor upgrade deep within the Space Pirate research facilities in Phendrana. Work your way through the complex and you'll eventually find the Research Core, a tall multi-leveled room. Fight off the Flying Pirates and gun turrets positioned around the room, then scan three critical panels to open up the force field below protecting the Thermal Visor.
011
Spider Ball
Phendrana Drifts (Quarantine Cave)
You'll need to defeat the rock monster Thardus before receiving the Spider Ball. Check the bosses guide for tips to turn Thardus back into a bunch of inanimate rocks.
012
Ice Beam
Chozo Ruins (Antechamber)
Once you've secured the Wave Beam and Spider Ball, head over to the Furnace. Go up the Spider Ball track (it's next to the hole leading to an Energy Tank) to reach the main area of the room, from here you'll be able to explore a whole new area of the ruins. Eventually you'll reach a room with a large pool and several Stone Toads (refer to the walkthrough for more details). Destroy the grate at the bottom of the pool to drain it, then use the Boost Ball to reach the upper part of the room (watch out for the greedy Stone Toads). Go through the door on the left side of the room (the left side when you first entered the room) to find the Ice Beam waiting inside.
013
Gravity Suit
Phendrana Drifts (Gravity Chamber)
The trek to the Gravity Suit is a long one, so I'll be brief here (check the walkthrough for more details). You'll need the Spider Ball and Ice Beam to find it. In Phendrana, go past the Quarantine Cave where you fought Thardus and head past the elevator leading down to Magmoor. You'll now enter a completely new area of Phendrana to explore, tucked away behind the Pirate's research labs. In this mini-maze make your way across to the Gravity Chamber (if you've got the hint system on it'll show you where it is). Once inside, work through the underwater areas filled with Aqua Reapers and Jelzaps, in the second underwater cavern you'll find the Gravity Suit in the form of the rotating Samus logo on the far side.
014
Power Bomb
Phazon Mines (Central Dynamo)
In the Central Dynamo room of the mines (on the middle level), you'll spot a large electrical structure in the center of the room above an electrified floor grating. Jump down to the structure to meet a nasty surprise, a cloaked Sentry Drone is hovering around. You'll need to destroy the drone before reaching the first Power Bomb, try to avoid its attacks while firing madly at it. You won't be able to lock-on so just keep firing with the Power Beam (or use the Wavebuster) and you'll take it down in no time. Once it blows you'll be able to drop down a hole in the ground using the Morph Ball. Down below is an intricate maze with coursing electricity acting as wall barriers - so don't touch any of them. You'll need to maneuver throughout the maze to reach the center where the Power Bomb waits. Blow the water balls with bombs to destroy some of the electric walls along the way, eventually you'll clear a path to the center.
015
Grapple Beam
Phazon Mines (Storage Depot B)
Remember the Ore Processing room you went through earlier (the one with the rotating Spider Ball track pillar in the center)? Well, you'll probably have noticed a door at the top blocked off by a pile of rubble, simply go up there and blow the rubble away with a Power Bomb. Head inside to find the Grapple Beam waiting - easy.
016
X-Ray Visor
Tallon Overworld (Life Grove)
Once you've found your first Power Bomb in the mines you'll be able to find this final visor upgrade. Beyond the wreck of the Space Pirate Frigate you'll reach the large circular Great Tree Hall. From here, make your way up to the very top of the region using the intricate Spider Ball tracks to reach the door at the very top. Head through to find a small cave with a large rock blocking a small hole. Use a Power Bomb to blow the rock apart, then head on in. You'll need to use the Boost Ball to get through a narrow O-shaped tunnel (there's a missile hidden in here too) to reach the Life Grove. Once inside jump down below to find the X-Ray Visor.
017
Wavebuster
Chozo Ruins (Tower of Light)
Naturally you'll need the Wave Beam (and the Super Missile and Spider Ball) to reach this upgrade. From the Main Plaza room, go through the missile-locked door to eventually reach the room where you found the Morph Ball. Use the Boost Ball to reach the Spider Ball track on the roof then go over to the purple door and head through. Eventually you'll reach the Tower of Light, the Wavebuster's right at the top. Jump up to the platform above, then use Super Missiles to break the cracked blocks on each wall (or three Missiles on each block to save ammo - thanks Peter!). There's four blocks per level. With the support blocks destroyed, the tower's entire wall structure will crash down, ascend the tower before the Plated Puffers appear, then keep blasting the cracked blocks (be careful not to hit the Oculus crawling over the blocks) to eventually reach the top.
018
Ice Spreader
Magmoor Caverns (Shore Tunnel)
In the Shore Tunnel you'll find yourself in a somewhat nondescript metal tunnel within a lava-filled cavern. Look closely (or use the scan visor to reveal it) and you'll notice fractures throughout the center part of the tunnel. Use a Power Bomb to blow open the tunnel (just like old times in Maridia), drop down below to find the Ice Spreader underneath the tunnel.
019
Plasma Beam
Magmoor Caverns (Plasma Processing)
You'll need the Ice Beam, Power Bombs, Grapple Beam and Spider Ball to reach this. In the Geothermal Core room, use the Grapple Beam to jump up to one of the three large pillars. Use the Spinner slots and Spider Ball tracks to reach the highest platform of the three pillars and activate the Morph Ball slot hidden there. The pillars will rise up and push the roof up higher, revealing an intricate series of Spider Ball tracks all around the walls. Make your way across the tracks (don't fall) and watch out for the Plated Parasites. Once you reach the door, lay a Power Bomb while still attached to the Spider Ball track to destroy the rubble in front of the door. Go inside to find the Plasma Beam.
020
Flamethrower
Phazon Mines (Storage Depot A)
Once again you'll need a Power Bomb to find this one. In the Mine Security Station (the room filled with Space Pirates jumping down out of the roof), not far from the entrance you'll find a red door blocked off by a red force field. On the next level above this door (near the purple door in the roof) is a wall blocking a computer console. Blow apart the wall with a Power Bomb and scan the console to power down the force field. Head through the red door below to find the Flamethrower in the adjacent room.
021
Phazon Suit
Phazon Mines (Elite Quarters)
Defeat the hideous Omega Pirate in the mines to win the Phazon Suit and Phazon Beam. Refer to the bosses guide for really handy hints on defeating the Pirate's Phazon king.